[IconButton] Add size `large` and update styles (#26748)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

### Icon

- The default value of `fontSize` was changed from `default` to `medium` for consistency.
  In the unlikely event that you were using the value `default`, the prop can be removed:

  ```diff
  -<Icon fontSize="default">icon-name</Icon>
  +<Icon>icon-name</Icon>
  ```

### IconButton

> - The default size's padding is reduced to `8px` which make default IconButton size of `40px`. To get the old default size (`48px`), use `size="large"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default size's padding is reduced to `8px` which makes the default IconButton size of `40px`. To get the old default size (`48px`), use `size="large"`. The change was done to better match Google's products when Material Design stopped documenting the icon button pattern.
```

> - The default size's padding is reduced to `8px` which makes the default IconButton size of `40px`. To get the old default size (`48px`), use `size="large"`. The change was done to better match Google's products when Material Design stopped documenting the icon button pattern.

Reviewer 2: nit: the font size is a bit different for the `size: 'large'` too, but not sure if it is worth mentioning.

Author: Can you point to me what is the different?

Author: Ah, I see. I think it is fine not to mention.
